The loser
Has to leave Dōng Hǎi
And kowtow three times before the winner
You lost
So what?
Today, there happen to be reporters here
[Decor]
Is Vice President Fù planning to renege?
I didn’t expect President Fù
To be such a sore loser
Truly a disgrace to men
Cheating and hitting people
This kind of person
How good can they be?
Enough
Young Master Qín
We’re all businesspeople
Why make things so ugly?
This is the price
For bullying Ruò Yǔ
Isn’t she just a girl?
She’s the most important person
In my heart
In three minutes
Fù Shì will face bankruptcy
Kneel or not
What’s President Fù’s choice?
Miss Qín
I’ve offended you
Kneel and kowtow
Miss Qín
I’ve offended you